README.md, before:

# Home

Guides for [Spacecoin](#Spacecoin) and [AtomicDEX](#AtomicDEX)

## Spacecoin

#### Spacecoin-QT

- [Setup Spacecoin-QT](Setup-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Stake With Spacecoin-QT](Stake-With-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Send Private Transactions With Spacecoin-QT](Send-Private-Transactions-With-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Import A Private Key](Import-A-Private-Key.md)
- [Export A Private Key](Export-A-Private-Key.md)
- [Build Spacecoin-QT From Source](Build-Spacecoin-QT-From-Source.md)

#### Spacecoin (Command Line)

- [Build Spacecoin From Source](Build-Spacecoin-From-Source.md)
- [Run Spacecoin](Run-Spacecoin.md)
- [Run Spacecoin With Komodo](Run-Spacecoin-With-Komodo.md)
- [Run Spacecoin With Docker](Run-Spacecoin-With-Docker.md)
- [Interact with Spacecoin](Interact-With-Spacecoin.md)

#### Staking

- [Stake With Spacecoind](Stake-With-Spacecoind.md)
- [Stake With Spacecoin-QT](Stake-With-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Setup A Staking Node](Setup-Staking-Node.md)
- [Check If You Are Staking](Check-If-You-Are-Staking.md)

#### Blockchain

- [Find Data Directory](Find-Data-Directory.md)
- [Rewind The Blockchain](Rewind-The-Blockchain.md)
- [Resync The Blockchain](Resync-The-Blockchain.md)
- [Bootstrap The Blockchain](Bootstrap-The-Blockchain.md)

#### Tokens

- [Create A Token](Create-A-Token.md)
- [Create A NFT](Create-A-NFT.md)
- [Transfer Tokens](Transfer-Tokens.md)
- [Trade Tokens](Trade-Tokens.md)

#### Faucet

- [Use The Faucet](Use-The-Faucet.md)
- [Fund The Faucet](Fund-The-Faucet.md)

#### Paper Wallet

- [Generate Paper Wallet](Generate-Paper-Wallet.md)
- [Import Paper Wallet](Import-Paper-Wallet.md)

#### Other

- [Pubkey Information](Pubkey-Information.md)
- [Import AtomicDEX Seed](Import-AtomicDEX-Seed.md)
- [Claim Crossword Puzzle Funds](Claim-Crossword-Puzzle-Funds.md)
- [Get Coin Supply](Get-Coin-Supply.md)
- [Burn Coins](Burn-Coins.md)

## AtomicDEX

#### AtomicDEX-Desktop

- [Setup AtomicDEX-Desktop](Setup-AtomicDEX-Desktop.md)
- [Use AtomicDEX-Desktop As A Wallet](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-As-A-Wallet.md)
- [Use AtomicDEX-Desktop For Trading](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-For-Trading.md)
- [Use AtomicDEX-Desktop To Provide Liquidity](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-To-Provide-Liquidity.md)

#### AtomicDEX -API

- [Build MM2 On Ubuntu](Build-MM2-On-Ubuntu.md)
- [Build MM2 For Pi4 -- WIP](Build-MM2-For-Pi4.md)
- [Download MM2 Binary](Download-MM2-Binary.md)
- [Setup MM2](Setup-MM2.md)
- [Run MM2](Run-MM2.md)

Commit message:

Add guides for the Heir CryptoCondition module.

README.md, after:

# Home

Guides for [Spacecoin](#Spacecoin) and [AtomicDEX](#AtomicDEX)

## Spacecoin

#### Spacecoin-QT

- [Setup Spacecoin-QT](Setup-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Stake With Spacecoin-QT](Stake-With-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Send Private Transactions With Spacecoin-QT](Send-Private-Transactions-With-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Import A Private Key](Import-A-Private-Key.md)
- [Export A Private Key](Export-A-Private-Key.md)
- [Build Spacecoin-QT From Source](Build-Spacecoin-QT-From-Source.md)

#### Spacecoin (Command Line)

- [Build Spacecoin From Source](Build-Spacecoin-From-Source.md)
- [Run Spacecoin](Run-Spacecoin.md)
- [Run Spacecoin With Komodo](Run-Spacecoin-With-Komodo.md)
- [Run Spacecoin With Docker](Run-Spacecoin-With-Docker.md)
- [Interact with Spacecoin](Interact-With-Spacecoin.md)

#### Staking

- [Stake With Spacecoind](Stake-With-Spacecoind.md)
- [Stake With Spacecoin-QT](Stake-With-Spacecoin-QT.md)
- [Setup A Staking Node](Setup-Staking-Node.md)
- [Check If You Are Staking](Check-If-You-Are-Staking.md)

#### Blockchain

- [Find Data Directory](Find-Data-Directory.md)
- [Rewind The Blockchain](Rewind-The-Blockchain.md)
- [Resync The Blockchain](Resync-The-Blockchain.md)
- [Bootstrap The Blockchain](Bootstrap-The-Blockchain.md)

#### Tokens

- [Create A Token](Create-A-Token.md)
- [Create A NFT](Create-A-NFT.md)
- [Transfer Tokens](Transfer-Tokens.md)
- [Trade Tokens](Trade-Tokens.md)

#### Heir

- [Create A Fund](Create-A-Fund.md)
- [Get Info About A Fund](Get-Info-About-A-Fund.md)
- [Add To A Fund](Add-To-A-Fund.md)
- [Claim From A Fund](Claim-From-A-Fund.md)

#### Faucet

- [Use The Faucet](Use-The-Faucet.md)
- [Fund The Faucet](Fund-The-Faucet.md)

#### Paper Wallet

- [Generate Paper Wallet](Generate-Paper-Wallet.md)
- [Import Paper Wallet](Import-Paper-Wallet.md)

#### Other

- [Pubkey Information](Pubkey-Information.md)
- [Import AtomicDEX Seed](Import-AtomicDEX-Seed.md)
- [Claim Crossword Puzzle Funds](Claim-Crossword-Puzzle-Funds.md)
- [Get Coin Supply](Get-Coin-Supply.md)
- [Burn Coins](Burn-Coins.md)

## AtomicDEX

#### AtomicDEX-Desktop

- [Setup AtomicDEX-Desktop](Setup-AtomicDEX-Desktop.md)
- [Use AtomicDEX-Desktop As A Wallet](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-As-A-Wallet.md)
- [Use AtomicDEX-Desktop For Trading](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-For-Trading.md)
- [Use AtomicDEX-Desktop To Provide Liquidity](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-To-Provide-Liquidity.md)

#### AtomicDEX -API

- [Build MM2 On Ubuntu](Build-MM2-On-Ubuntu.md)
- [Build MM2 For Pi4 -- WIP](Build-MM2-For-Pi4.md)
- [Download MM2 Binary](Download-MM2-Binary.md)
- [Setup MM2](Setup-MM2.md)
- [Run MM2](Run-MM2.md)
