Setup-AtomicDEX-Desktop.md, before:

# Setup AtomicDEX-Desktop

This guide will teach you how to setup AtomicDEX-Desktop for your desired platform.

## Table of Contents

- [Please Note](#Please-Note)
- [Instructions](#Instructions)

### Please Note

AtomicDEX is a multicoin lite wallet, as well as a decentralized exchange that utilizes atomic swaps.

For legal reasons, the DEX function in the official version is unavailable to users in `USA, Canada, Hong Kong, Israel, Singapore, Sudan, Austria, and Iran`. There is a version that removes this geoblock that is maintained [here](https://github.com/marmarachain/atomicdex-desktop/releases).

### Instructions

1. Navigate to [github.com/KomodoPlatform/atomicDEX-Desktop/releases](https://github.com/KomodoPlatform/atomicDEX-Desktop/releases).

    ![Github](/images/atomicdex_setup_github.png)

2. Scroll down to `Assets`.

    ![Assets](/images/atomicdex_setup_assets.png)

3. Download atomicDEX-Desktop for your platform. On Windows/Mac, both installer and portable versions are available.

    ![Download](/images/atomicdex_setup_download.png)

4. Run the downloaded file. If you downloaded the installer version, follow the `AtomicDEX-Desktop Installer Setup` to install on your system and then open.

    ![Run](/images/atomicdex_setup_run.png)

5. Once AtomicDEX-Desktop starts select `New Wallet`.

    ![New wallet](/images/atomicdex_setup_new_wallet.png)

6. Complete the steps to setup your wallet.

    ![New wallet Setup](/images/atomicdex_setup_new_wallet_page.png)

It is extremely important to backup your seed! It can be used to recover your wallet at any point in the future.

You are now setup! Login to your wallet to start [sending/receiving](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-As-A-Wallet.md) coins and [trading](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-For-Trading.md).

Commit message:

AtomicDEX: update marmarachain download link text.

Setup-AtomicDEX-Desktop.md, after:

# Setup AtomicDEX-Desktop

This guide will teach you how to setup AtomicDEX-Desktop for your desired platform.

## Table of Contents

- [Please Note](#Please-Note)
- [Instructions](#Instructions)

### Please Note

AtomicDEX is a multicoin lite wallet, as well as a decentralized exchange that utilizes atomic swaps.

For legal reasons, the DEX function in the official version is unavailable to users in `USA, Canada, Hong Kong, Israel, Singapore, Sudan, Austria, and Iran`. There is a version that removes this geoblock that is maintained at [github.com/marmarachain/atomicdex-desktop](https://github.com/marmarachain/atomicdex-desktop/releases). Use this version instead of the link in Step 1, if you're in a geoblocked country.

### Instructions

1. Navigate to [github.com/KomodoPlatform/atomicDEX-Desktop/releases](https://github.com/KomodoPlatform/atomicDEX-Desktop/releases).

    ![Github](/images/atomicdex_setup_github.png)

2. Scroll down to `Assets`.

    ![Assets](/images/atomicdex_setup_assets.png)

3. Download atomicDEX-Desktop for your platform. On Windows/Mac, both installer and portable versions are available.

    ![Download](/images/atomicdex_setup_download.png)

4. Run the downloaded file. If you downloaded the installer version, follow the `AtomicDEX-Desktop Installer Setup` to install on your system and then open.

    ![Run](/images/atomicdex_setup_run.png)

5. Once AtomicDEX-Desktop starts select `New Wallet`.

    ![New wallet](/images/atomicdex_setup_new_wallet.png)

6. Complete the steps to setup your wallet.

    ![New wallet Setup](/images/atomicdex_setup_new_wallet_page.png)

It is extremely important to backup your seed! It can be used to recover your wallet at any point in the future.

You are now setup! Login to your wallet to start [sending/receiving](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-As-A-Wallet.md) coins and [trading](Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-For-Trading.md).
