Stake-With-Spacecoin-QT.md, before:

# Stake With Spacecoin-QT

This guide will teach you how to start staking with Spacecoin-QT.

## Table of Contents

- [Please Note](#Please-Note)
- [Option 1](#Option-1)
- [Option 2](#Option-2)

### Please Note

With Spacecoin-QT the commands will need to be entered in the console. This is accessible at `Help -> Debug Window -> Console`.

For staking to work the wallet needs to be unlocked. If you encrypted your wallet you will need to unlock it with the command `walletpassphrase`.

Example: `walletpassphrase "your passphrase" 3600`

`3600` is the time in seconds the wallet will stay unlocked before locking again. This means you will need to unlock it again after this amount of time to continue staking.

### Option 1

1. Enter your `spacecoin-qt` folder.

2. Run `spacecoin-qt` and let the blockchain fully sync.

3. Send coins to your wallet if you do not have any in your wallet already.

4. Click on the `stake` file in your `spacecoin-qt` folder.

It will open a command prompt/terminal screen and then close.

You can check to make sure you are staking with the [Check If You Are Staking](Check-If-You-Are-Staking.md) guide.

### Option 2

1. Enter your `spacecoin-qt` folder.

2. Run `spacecoin-qt` and let the blockchain fully sync.

3. Send coins to your wallet if you do not have any in your wallet already.

4. Navigate to the `Console`.

5. Enter the command `setgenerate true 0`.

You can check to make sure you are staking with the [Check If You Are Staking](Check-If-You-Are-Staking.md) guide.

Commit message:

Staking guides: add notes about wallet staying online to stake.

Stake-With-Spacecoin-QT.md, after:

# Stake With Spacecoin-QT

This guide will teach you how to start staking with Spacecoin-QT.

## Table of Contents

- [Please Note](#Please-Note)
- [Option 1](#Option-1)
- [Option 2](#Option-2)

### Please Note

With Spacecoin-QT the commands will need to be entered in the console. This is accessible at `Help -> Debug Window -> Console`.

For staking to work the wallet needs to be unlocked. If you encrypted your wallet you will need to unlock it with the command `walletpassphrase`.

Example: `walletpassphrase "your passphrase" 3600`

`3600` is the time in seconds the wallet will stay unlocked before locking again. This means you will need to unlock it again after this specified amount of time to continue staking.

The wallet must stay open and online to be able to stake.

### Option 1

1. Enter your `spacecoin-qt` folder.

2. Run `spacecoin-qt` and let the blockchain fully sync.

3. Send coins to your wallet if you do not have any in your wallet already.

4. Click on the `stake` file in your `spacecoin-qt` folder.

It will open a command prompt/terminal screen and then close.

You can check to make sure you are staking with the [Check If You Are Staking](Check-If-You-Are-Staking.md) guide.

### Option 2

1. Enter your `spacecoin-qt` folder.

2. Run `spacecoin-qt` and let the blockchain fully sync.

3. Send coins to your wallet if you do not have any in your wallet already.

4. Navigate to the `Console`.

5. Enter the command `setgenerate true 0`.

You can check to make sure you are staking with the [Check If You Are Staking](Check-If-You-Are-Staking.md) guide.
