Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-For-Trading.md, before:

# Use AtomicDEX-Desktop For Trading

This guide will teach you how to use AtomicDEX-Desktop for trading.

## Table of Contents

- [Please Note](#Please-Note)
- [Instructions](#Instructions)

### Please Note

AtomicDEX is a mulitcoin lite wallet, as well as a decentralized exchange that utilizes atomic swaps.

For legal reasons, the DEX function in the official version is unavailable to users in `USA, Canada, Hong Kong, Israel, Singapore, Sudan, Austria, and Iran`. There is a version that removes this geoblock that is maintained [here](https://github.com/marmarachain/atomicdex-desktop/releases).

It is assumed that you have already [setup AtomicDEX-Desktop](https://github.com/SpaceWorksCo/guides/blob/master/Setup-AtomicDEX-Desktop.md#setup-atomicDEX-desktop).

A trade(swap) is comprised of multiple transactions and can take a few minutes to complete.

### Instructions

Open AtomicDEX-Desktop and login to your wallet.

Click on the `Wallet` page from the menu on the left side.

Click on the `+` button to open the coin list.

Select the coins you would like to trade and click `Enable`.

Click on the `DEX` page from the menu on the left side.

Select the 2 coins you would like to trade. Ex: SPACE/BTC

Click on any existing orders in the orderbook or input your own `Price` and `Volume` values on the right side.

Click on `Start Swap` to start your trade.

You can check the progress of your ongoing trades by clicking on the `Orders` tab at the top of the DEX page.

You are now ready to start trading!

Commit message:

AtomicDEX: update trading guide and make note about all pairs.

Use-AtomicDEX-Desktop-For-Trading.md, after:

# Use AtomicDEX-Desktop For Trading

This guide will teach you how to use AtomicDEX-Desktop for trading.

## Table of Contents

- [Please Note](#Please-Note)
- [Instructions](#Instructions)

### Please Note

AtomicDEX is a mulitcoin lite wallet, as well as a decentralized exchange that utilizes atomic swaps.

For legal reasons, the DEX function in the official version is unavailable to users in `USA, Canada, Hong Kong, Israel, Singapore, Sudan, Austria, and Iran`. There is a version that removes this geoblock that is maintained [here](https://github.com/marmarachain/atomicdex-desktop/releases).

It is assumed that you have already [setup AtomicDEX-Desktop](https://github.com/SpaceWorksCo/guides/blob/master/Setup-AtomicDEX-Desktop.md#setup-atomicDEX-desktop).

A trade(swap) is comprised of multiple transactions and can take a few minutes to complete.

### Instructions

1. Open AtomicDEX-Desktop and login to your wallet.

2. Click on the `Wallet` page from the menu on the left side.

3. Click on the `+` button to open the coin list.

4. Select the coins you would like to trade and click `Enable`.

5. Click on the `DEX` page from the menu on the left side.

6. Select the 2 coins you would like to trade. Ex: SPACE/BTC, SPACE/KMD, KMD/BTC, KMD/ZEC. All trading pairs are possible.

7. Click on any existing orders in the orderbook or input your own `Price` and `Volume` values on the right side.

8. Click on `Start Swap` to start your trade.

You are now performing decentralized atomic swaps!

You can check the progress of your ongoing trades by clicking on the `Orders` tab at the top of the DEX page.
